<-------------Values and Principles of agility - Quiz 1---------------->

Q1. Which Agile value is being violated?
Answer: b) Customer Collaboration over Contract Negotiation
The team is relying on the contract and taking sign-offs rather than actively collaborating with the customer. Agile values customer collaboration over strictly following contract terms.

Q2. Which represents the Primary Measure of Progress?
Answer: d) Registration feature which was released to customer's demo
As per the Agile Manifesto, working software is the primary measure of progress. A feature released to the customer's demo is working software, unlike documentation, architecture, or reviewed code which are intermediate artifacts.

<---------------Prioritization of User Stories - Quiz 1----------------->

Q1. The customer categorizes all the user stories in the product backlog as very important. The scrum master proposes to add a few more teams as and when required to develop the user stories in parallel.
Answer: b) False

Q2. The customer feels a particular story needs to be developed immediately. However, the development team has concerns on doing it. The Scrum master stops from mentioning it to the customer.
Answer: b) False

Q3. For a set of user stories, the development team feels that they need to scale up and have concerns on developing it immediately. They place these stories under "High" risk items.
Answer: a) True

Q4. The customer mentions about a feature that they have in mind, but may not have budget in this quarter to have it developed. The Development team puts this under "Wont have" category.
Answer: a) True

Q5. The Scrum master forces the team to pick up the story despite the development team's technical incapability.
Answer: b) False

<------------------Story Point Estimation - Quiz 1-------------------->

Q1. Which option represents the most suitable reason?
Answer: a) The baseline for the estimation has not been vetted with the customer

Q2. The development team maps effort in hours to story points and uses it across multiple development teams.
Answer: b) False

Q3. Which statements best describe the need for adoption of story point estimation method?
Answer:

b) During the initial phase requirements are not clear and the team capabilities may not be known and hence it is difficult to precisely estimate the effort for a user story in hours.
d) They allow the team to think on just enough things to estimate rather than go into too much detail on the effort part.
e) Relative estimation with a team helps normalize the estimates.
Sonnet 4.6Extended

<--------Sprint Planning - Quiz 1------------>

Q1. One of the programmers in a development team splits the user story into task of size 20 hours each. Is this correct?
Answer: b) False

<-------------Produce Working Software - Quiz 1-------------->

Q1. One of the Scrum teams have created HLD and LLD documents and brought it for sprint review.
Answer:

a) HLD and LLD documents do not represent working increments.
c) A skeleton code / wireframes to prove the design represents a working increment.


Q2. The sprint burndown chart shows 240 hours pending across 9 days and 0 hours on the 10th day.
Answer: a) The team members have not updated their work regularly and have updated it on the last day

Q3. What action should the scrum master take if team members do not update task efforts?
Answer: a) Sensitize and provide mild penalties, check the status before standup meeting

<--------------------Daily Scrum Meeting - Quiz 1--------------------->
Q1. What could be the reasons for the team member absenting himself from the daily standup meeting?
Answer:
a) He has not completed the committed work and hence has nothing to say in the standup meeting
b) He has committed for a huge task(>12 hrs) and hence his task is in pending state.
c) He is struggling with the task committed and is not confident of saying it in front of the team.
d) He is worried that his performance appraisal would be affected if he says his tasks are not complete.


Q2. Choose the statements which align to the guidelines of a standup meeting.
Answer:
f) Each team member provides answers to the three questions and others listen.

<--------------------Product Backlog Grooming - Quiz 1--------------->

Q1. A scrum team raises an issue that they do not have enough "produce time" in the sprint and that the planning is taking a lot of time. What could be going wrong here?
Answer: 
a) The team is not sprinting ahead. They may be grooming stories during sprint planning
b) PO is not providing timely response to user stories and hence sprint planning is taking long
c) The product backlog grooming exercise is not happening properly
